[Music]
welcome to slash forward in this bonus
episode we're gonna take a few minutes
to explore the 2019 creature feature
crawl let's get to it we open on a
Floridian swim meet and through various
scenes of warm-ups and athleticism we
find our main character Haley displaying
her own laser-focused competitiveness
despite this however she comes up short
which seems to be a disappointingly
recurring theme for her we come to
discover that all this drama is
unfolding during the initial stages of
hurricane Haley sister Beth calls to see
if she's heard from their estranged
father who's been unresponsive to
contact attempts and who they imagined
to be the sort to try to tough it out
like a natural badass Haley drives out
to check on him getting radio alerts
that really set the floor to atmosphere
for us she eventually comes upon a close
intersection where despite knowing
sheriff Wayne and the fact that he still
burns a candle for her sister Beth she's
not allowed to pass through luckily
she's driving the trail rate in 2012
Jeep Liberty and chooses to enter
no-man's land on her own demonstrating
that her conspicuously absent bumper
nuts are in her heart she arrives at his
condo finding both his dog and heavy
evidence of nostalgia based depression
but no daddy so she heads out to her
childhood home currently in escrow since
their family fell apart the weather
picks up on the way ensuring that this
will be her last stop but his truck is
there so that's a good sign inside
things are again eerily calm she tries
his phone only to discover that the call
is coming from inside the house sugar
leads her to the basement and she soon
finds herself mucking around in a dank
rat infested crawlspace she comes across
his jacket and radio and then some
slightly more nerving evidence of his
presence before finding his unconscious
body his shoulder wound confirms torn no
heart attack so she loads them up on a
tarp and starts dragging him out as she
approaches the stairs we get some
evidence of what might have happened and
she's a bigot
she makes several growly faces as Haley
tracks her dad back behind the safety of
the pipes Dave finally joins the party
revealing he suffered a simple open
spiral compound fracture of the leg as
if on cue one of Haley's Instagram posts
starts blowing up and she's got to keep
her interaction rates up so she slowly
ventures out to retrieve it when she
decides to make a call from outside her
hovel it gives a gator a chance to
double back on her and snack a
tenderloin on
he me when she gets free we discovered
this is no double back it was a tag-team
her phone gets smashed and she gets to
half the novel experience of straight up
I got a dinosaur before sequestering
herself into a separate nook they do a
quick call out nah it's good hey why
don't you worry about your own
protruding body parts Dave as the water
rises they both try to find alternate
means of escape Dave takes a minute to
gross this out by diddling his wound
back into place
hailey sees some folks outside and hopes
they'll help although they appear to
just be really strong profit ears this
thief however may be developing a heart
of gold as he notices her signal for
help unfortunately we never find out his
intentions because he and his partners
quickly become alligator food in their
own cinematic ways after trying and
failing to escape from an alternate
hatch they here's some official rescuers
show up and make their way in we see
that it's Wayne come to see if Beth ever
still has dreams about him they manage
to warn him of the Gators but he gets
distracted by Pete's rudeness in not
responding which results in him getting
bit in half Pete then gets disassembled
in the front yard while Wayne wonders
wistfully if Beth still considers him
his snack Haley then swims off real fast
remember that from the beginning and may
just reunite with her father what why
are you thinking about ends you're a
fetus they take a moment to work through
some emotions and make amends in the
conversation that warms the cockles of
our hearts
I mean seriously my cockles aren't
fillet me right now dude he then lays
down a jaws like distraction for Haley
who emerges an alligator style dave is
left going brick to face eventually
putting the Gator down with the Spade
now they're just down to every other
alligator in Florida so Haley goes for
the drain pipe the Gators strolled in
through when she finds old Greg's lair
she discovers a medicine ball all
covered in teeths along with evidence
the Gators actually live there uh-oh its
nature they're murdering for natural
purposes she gently removes the clock
from Wayne's waterlogged corpse and
finds it easier to hit her target from
inside she then tries to work up a good
infection in her wounds as she shimmies
down the pipe while her dad struggles to
find an opportunity to breathe she
manages to emerge from the water just
ahead of a large Gator she breaks in and
sugar leads her to Dave's location she's
almost there when he decides to take in
a couple lungfuls of brackish water but
she gets him out and despite the lack of
compressive force she applies in her CPR
she does manage to punch him back to
life
they then plan to flee by proceeding as
quietly as possible unfortunately right
in the damn middle they hit the eye of
the storm revealing the degree to which
nature wants them
at dave's encouragement Healy swims for
the boat motivated to a PR by a squad of
relentless killing machines right as
they get in the flood wall breaks
dumping them back into the house they
try to make it a high ground but Dave is
just so fatigued from bearing weight on
his severed femur he thinks he hits the
jackpot when a flare jar floats by but
as we all know road flares are like
theater candy so this one snaps his arm
off like a dip and stick it was tired a
lickin together but Dave totally wrecked
they make a final attempt for the roof
but gets split up resulting in Haley
getting death rolled thankfully the
power of childhood experience allows her
to grab the flare and compel her release
she's pulled to the roof where a father
and daughter having reached the pinnacle
of personal growth through duress hold
hands and calmly die just kidding it's
actually an epic scene of redemption and
rescue and she never went in the water
again and that was crawl an excellent
recent entry into the nature themed
horror genre you really do have to be
careful out there based on a true story
if you enjoyed the video I'd love for
you to become a part of the channel by
subscribing thanks for watching